[docs-only] Update the PROXY_TLS envvar description (#6193)
owncloud/ocis: services/proxy/README.md

2.  Though usually not necessary, a database name and a database table can be configured for event stores if the event store supports this. Generally not applicable for stores of type `in-memory`. These settings are blank by default which means that the standard settings of the configured store apply.
3.  The proxy service can be scaled if not using `in-memory` stores and the stores are configured identically over all instances.
4.  When using `redis-sentinel`, the Redis master to use is configured via `PROXY_OIDC_USERINFO_CACHE_NODES` in the form of `<sentinel-host>:<sentinel-port>/<redis-master>` like `10.10.0.200:26379/mymaster`.

## Special Settings

When using the ocis IDP service instead of an external IDP:

-   Use the environment variable `OCIS_URL` to define how ocis can be accessed, mandatory use `https` as protocol for the URL.

> -   If no reverse proxy is set up, the `PROXY_TLS` environment variable **must** be set to `true` because the embedded `libreConnect` shipped with the IDP service has a hard check if the connection is on TLS and uses the HTTPS protocol. If this mismatches, an error will be logged and no connection can be established.

Author: ```suggestion
-   If no reverse proxy is set up, the `PROXY_TLS` environment variable **must** be set to `true` because the embedded `libreConnect` shipped with the IDP service has a hard check if the connection is on TLS and uses the HTTPS protocol. If this mismatches, an error will be logged and no connection from the client can be established.
```

> -   `PROXY_TLS` **can** be set to `false` if a reverse proxy is used and the OCIS_URL is terminated at the reverse proxy. When setting to `false`, the communication between the reverse proxy and ocis is not secured. If set to `true`, you must provide certificates.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
-   `PROXY_TLS` **can** be set to `false` if a reverse proxy is used and the https connection is terminated at the reverse proxy. When setting to `false`, the communication between the reverse proxy and ocis is not secured. If set to `true`, you must provide certificates.
```

2.  Though usually not necessary, a database name and a database table can be configured for event stores if the event store supports this. Generally not applicable for stores of type `in-memory`. These settings are blank by default which means that the standard settings of the configured store apply.
3.  The proxy service can be scaled if not using `in-memory` stores and the stores are configured identically over all instances.
4.  When using `redis-sentinel`, the Redis master to use is configured via `PROXY_OIDC_USERINFO_CACHE_NODES` in the form of `<sentinel-host>:<sentinel-port>/<redis-master>` like `10.10.0.200:26379/mymaster`.

## Special Settings

> When using the Infinite Scale IDP service instead of an external IDP, the `PROXY_TLS` environment variable must be set to `true` because the embedded `libreConnect` shipped with the IDP service has a hard check if the connection is on TLS and uses the HTTPS protocol. If this mismatches, an error will be logged.

Author: ```suggestion
When using the ocis IDP service instead of an external IDP:

-   Use the environment variable `OCIS_URL` to define how ocis can be accessed, mandatory use `https` as protocol for the URL.
-   If no reverse proxy is set up, the `PROXY_TLS` environment variable **must** be set to `true` because the embedded `libreConnect` shipped with the IDP service has a hard check if the connection is on TLS and uses the HTTPS protocol. If this mismatches, an error will be logged and no connection can be established.
-   `PROXY_TLS` **can** be set to `false` if a reverse proxy is used and the OCIS_URL is terminated at the reverse proxy. When setting to `false`, the communication between the reverse proxy and ocis is not secured. If set to `true`, you must provide certificates.
```
